
= Southern Sandstone

I spent a couple weeks with friends from school bouldering
in Rocktown (Georgia), Horse Pens 40 (Alabama), and
Stone Fort (Tennessee).
My ticked a lot of beautiful boulders in my style and
started getting used to climbing full time.


= Joshua Tree

My first stop out west!
I hit the road with my primary goal of becoming a better trad climber.
In JTree I stayed pretty conservative,
working my way through 5.10 and getting millage on granite cracks and faces.
The dirtbag culture is amazing in Josh, and I made a lot of friends
who I'd see over and over again on my travels.


= Red Rocks

My time in Red Rocks started with me quickly redpointing
a one-time dream route: The Prophet. Unfortunately, the weather
shut me down for a while, with wind and cold and desert blizzards
pushing me to the splitter promised land of Utah.


= Three weeks of chaos

Whoo boy March was crazy. I climbed for a day in Joe's valley,
then I headed to Indian Creek, dreaming of
splitters as most Creek dwellers do, but with another goal:
the boulder problem Airwolf (my inability to shut up about it even earned
me the nickname "Airwolf guy"). After a week I headed back to Joe's
to meet my bouldering friends for their spring break.
Next, I took a redeye flight to the East Coast to visit a couple
of grad schools, and surprisingly enough I ended up climbing some!


= Indian Creek

Returning to the Creek felt like paradise.
I loved the desert isolation, the friends around the campfires,
and of course the brutally pure crack climbing.
The Creek made 5.11 cracks actually started to seem
possible, and my time here helped my climbing more than
anything else so far.


= Yosemite

I went to Yosemite with a bit too high of expectations.
It turned out The Valley is a shockingly stressful place to be,
and after not too long I lost psych and left.
I drove back across the country and visited friends and family
for a while, then stuck to climbing areas near home for the next month.


= Devil's Lake

Devil's Lake has a lot of little charms,
but I had a lot of difficulty finding partners.
Luckily the bouldering was way better than the
roped climbing anyway!


= The Red

Ahh The Red. Even though it was sweltering,
humid, rainy, and buggy, it was amazing to
hang in my home crag and sport climb for a while.
After the Red, I went on a family vacation
before finally heading back out West for the summer.


= Leavenworth

After a brief stop in Colorado,
I came to Leavenworth with two specific goals:
Pimpsqueak (v8) and Outer Space (5.10-).
Both lived up to their awesome reputation!


= Squamish

Squamish. Wow. I think the data kinda speaks for itself about my time here.
I finally felt like I was close to my trad climbing potential,
and there were incredible boulders everywhere too!
Squamish was everything that Yosemite should have been:
trying my best but not pressuring myself and doing tons of long,
beautiful granite crack climbs.


After Squamish, I did some amazing climbing at one of my
favorite crags: Index, Washington.
Unfortunately, a finger injury cut my trip a week or two short,
and I returned home to get ready for grad school and 
reintegrate into society.
